1)Why CSS selectors are used in HTML?
CSS selectors are used in HTML to target and style specific elements on a web page. By using CSS selectors, you can apply styles such as color, 
font size, layout, and more to specific elements or groups of elements, without affecting other parts of the page.

HTML provides the structure and content of a web page, while CSS is used to define how that content should be presented visually.
CSS selectors allow you to specify which elements should be styled and how, based on their attributes, class names, IDs, and other characteristics.

For example, you could use a CSS selector to target all paragraphs on a page and change their font size or color. Or you could use a more specific selector 
to target only certain paragraphs with a particular class or ID. This makes it easy to create a consistent visual style across a website, while also allowing
for flexibility and customization on a page-by-page or element-by-element basis.

Overall, CSS selectors are an essential tool for web designers and developers who want to create attractive, responsive, and user-friendly web pages.


2)What are the different types of Selectors in CSS?
We can divide CSS selectors into five categories:
1. Simple selectors.
2. Combinators.
3. Attribute selectors.
4. Pseudo-class selectors.
5. Pseudo-elements selectors

Simple selectors
A simple selector is either a type selector or a universal selector. Simple 
selectors are pretty straightforward and used most of the time in 
development.
Simple Selectors include
1. Universal Selector.
2. Element Selector.
3. Class Selector.
4. ID Selector.
5. Selector list


CSS Combinators.
A CSS selector can contain more than one simple selector. 
Between the simple selectors, we can include a combinator.
Combinator Selectors include
1. Descendent selector.
2. Child selector.
3. Adjacent sibling selector.
4. General sibling selector.

Attribute selectors
The [attribute="value"] selector is used to select elements with a specified 
attribute and value.

3)How do you include external fonts and apply them?

To include external fonts in HTML and apply them using CSS, you can follow these steps:
Choose a font from a reputable external source such as Google Fonts, Adobe Fonts or Font Squirrel.

Include the font in your HTML document by adding a link to the font file in the <head> section of your HTML document.
Here's an example of how to add a font file hosted on Google Fonts:

<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=FontName" rel="stylesheet">


Replace FontName with the name of the font you want to use.
Define the font in your CSS. To apply the font, use the font-family property and set it to the name of the font you want to use. 
Here's an example of how to apply a font called Open Sans to all paragraphs on your page:

p {
  font-family: 'Open Sans', sans-serif;
}


In this example, we're using the font-family property to specify the font we want to use. We're also providing a fallback font family of sans-serif in case
the external font fails to load.
Test and refine your font styling. Once you've included and applied the external font to your HTML and CSS, be sure to test your page to make sure the font
is displaying correctly. You may also want to experiment with different font sizes, weights, and styles to achieve the desired effect.

Overall, including and applying external fonts using HTML and CSS is a relatively simple process that can help you achieve more unique and visually 
appealing designs for your web pages.