1)Why it is called as pseudo-class?

In CSS, a pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the element being selected. For example, the :hover pseudo-class 
is used to apply a style when the user hovers over an element with the cursor.
The term "pseudo" in pseudo-class refers to the fact that these classes are not defined in the HTML markup itself, but rather are used to select elements 
based on their state or context within the document.
In other words, a pseudo-class is not a real class in the traditional sense, but rather a way to target elements based on certain conditions or states.
Additionally, the term "pseudo" also refers to the fact that the state being targeted by the pseudo-class is not a permanent or intrinsic property of the 
element, but rather a temporary state that is triggered by an event or user interaction.




2)What are gradients in CSS?

In CSS, gradients are a way to create a smooth transition between two or more colors. Gradients allow you to create backgrounds, borders, and other 
visual effects that smoothly transition from one color to another.
CSS gradients come in two types: linear gradients and radial gradients.
Linear gradients are used to create a smooth transition between two or more colors in a straight line. You can specify the direction of the gradient using 
a degree value, or by using the keywords top, bottom, left, right, or their combinations. For example, to create a linear gradient from top to bottom, 
you would use the following code:

background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom, #ff0000, #00ff00);
This would create a gradient that starts with red at the top and transitions to green at the bottom.

Radial gradients are used to create a smooth transition between two or more colors in a circular pattern. You can specify the size, 
shape, and position of the gradient. For example, to create a radial gradient that starts with red in the center and transitions to green at the edges,
you would use the following code

background-image: radial-gradient(circle, #ff0000, #00ff00);

This would create a gradient that starts with red in the center and transitions to green at the edges in a circular pattern.
CSS gradients are a powerful tool for creating visually stunning effects on your website, and can be used to create subtle or bold transitions between colors.




3)What are different types of transition in CSS?
In CSS, transitions allow you to smoothly animate changes to an element's property values, such as its color, size, position, or opacity. 
CSS transitions have four main properties: transition-property, transition-duration, transition-timing-function, and transition-delay. There are several 
different types of transitions you can use in CSS, including:

Fade - This is the most common type of transition, where the element gradually fades in or out over a specified time period.
Scale - This transition makes the element larger or smaller by changing its scale, giving the impression that it is zooming in or out.
Rotate - This transition rotates the element by a specified number of degrees over a specified time period, giving the impression that it is spinning.
Translate - This transition moves the element from one position to another over a specified time period.
Skew - This transition distorts the element by skewing it in a specified direction over a specified time period.
Color - This transition gradually changes the color of an element over a specified time period.

You can also combine multiple transitions to create more complex effects, such as scaling and rotating an element at the same time. CSS transitions can add
 a level of interactivity and engagement to your web pages, making them more dynamic and visually appealing.





