1)What are media queries in CSS and their use cases?

In CSS, media queries are used to apply different styles to a web page based on the device or screen size it is being viewed on. Media queries allow you to 
create responsive designs that adapt to different screen sizes and orientations, providing the best user experience for each device.

Media queries are written as conditional statements that target specific device characteristics, such as screen width, height, orientation, and resolution. 
For example, you can use a media query to apply a different style to a web page when it is viewed on a mobile device with a smaller screen size.

Here's an example of a media query in CSS:

@media screen and (max-width: 768px) {
  /* styles for screens with a maximum width of 768 pixels */
}



In this example, the media query targets screens with a maximum width of 768 pixels and applies styles to the elements inside the query brackets.
Media queries are commonly used to create responsive web designs that adapt to different screen sizes, such as smartphones, tablets, and desktops. 
They are also used to apply different styles to printed pages, and to target specific devices like printers and projectors.
Overall, media queries are an essential tool for creating modern, flexible, and user-friendly web designs that work well on a variety of devices and 
platforms.





2)Difference between min-width and max-width in media queries in CSS?

In CSS, media queries are used to apply different styles to a web page based on the characteristics of the device that the page is being viewed on, 
such as screen width or height.
min-width and max-width are two commonly used properties in media queries that define the range of screen sizes that the styles should apply to.
min-width is used to specify the minimum width at which the styles should be applied. For example, if you want to apply a particular style only 
when the screen width is greater than or equal to 768px, you would use the following media query:

@media screen and (min-width: 768px) {
  /* styles go here */
}

In this case, the styles within the media query will only be applied when the screen width is 768px or larger.
max-width is used to specify the maximum width at which the styles should be applied. For example, if you want to apply a particular style only when the 
screen width is less than or equal to 768px, you would use the following media query:

@media screen and (max-width: 768px) {
  /* styles go here */
}

In this case, the styles within the media query will only be applied when the screen width is 768px or smaller.
In summary, min-width is used to apply styles when the screen width is equal to or greater than a certain value, while max-width is used to apply styles 
when the screen width is equal to or less than a certain value.





3)Explain float property and clear property in CSS with examples.

The float and clear properties in CSS are used to control the layout and positioning of elements on a webpage.
The float property is used to specify whether an element should be floated to the left or right of its container. When an element is floated, 
it is taken out of the normal flow of the page and positioned at the edge of its container, allowing other elements to wrap around it.
Here is an example of using the float property to position an image to the right of its container:
img {
  float: right;
}

The clear property is used to control the behavior of an element in relation to floated elements. When an element is cleared, it is moved below any 
floated elements that come before it. This is useful for ensuring that elements in a layout do not overlap or interfere with each other.
Here is an example of using the clear property to ensure that a heading appears below any floated images in its container:
h2 {
  clear: both;
}

In this example, the clear property is set to both, which means that the heading will be moved below any floated elements that come before it on both the 
left and right sides.






